Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well hello there, stranger.
iPhone: Yeah, sorry about that.
That's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can hear you.
iPhone: Can you hear me. I can't hear you.
iPhone: From my earphones.
iPhone: faintly hear you right now.
iPhone: Okay, some of the better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Better
iPhone: Okay. Yeah, that's definitely better
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Things going. You've been busy, busy.
iPhone: Yeah, no, not at all. You know, work out shut down.
iPhone: Like everything. So it was a crazy couple weeks. And now, like I'm just at home doing nothing drive me crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doing nothing
iPhone: Yeah, well, you know, you can only organized so much
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's true. Definitely. Yeah. So tell me about your last couple weeks.
iPhone: Well, like our school district shut down the schools like
iPhone: A week and a half before I got called off of work.
iPhone: So like
iPhone: A whole bunch of my co workers were calling out to because they all kids and stuff.
iPhone: And, you know, so I was just like getting called him like morning shifts and then like stay like all night because nobody comes in for the night shift and it's like
iPhone: Oh that madness was going on and like my sleep schedule was just like messed up anyway. I mean, my boyfriend broke up. But we had some problems before we wrap up to and then
iPhone: Yes, we like mad anxiety about like all these like I know
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not knowing about what's going to happen with work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you and your boyfriend talking or is it a done deal.
iPhone: Oh, is it it's a done deal.
iPhone: For sure. I don't want to deal with him anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You make the choice.
Yeah.
iPhone: I did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: in your best interest.
iPhone: Yeah, like he wasn't supporting like
iPhone: Like
iPhone: Me, trying to figure everything out, like myself, you know what I mean, like,
iPhone: So try to figure myself out. I'm like,
iPhone: Focus on myself right now and you know I wasn't willing to do that with him. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I'm glad that you're able to make healthy, you know, decisions, evaluate things that may be toxic for you and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know it's tough, but you know the end results going to be you're going to feel better, you're going to get to know who you are. You're gonna you know get stable in your life and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's, that's a good thing. That's what it's all about, right.
iPhone: Huh.
iPhone: Yeah, I don't really like feel upset about it anything like the breakup itself was kind of bad
But
iPhone: I'm glad it's over. I feel like really kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
iPhone: Nothing.
iPhone: Was definitely stressing me like a couple weeks during the last couple weeks. So I was like, hold off. It's just becoming too much and like
iPhone: Did something like sexually kind of that like really upset me. And that was kind of what sent me over and I was like, I want this over with.
iPhone: And
iPhone: Like what's right, since then.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
iPhone: cause me to mix it
iPhone: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I bet.
iPhone: Because I have a bunch of like PTSD around
iPhone: Sex, you know, so I don't like when anything happens, that makes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Makes you feel why I didn't hear that.
iPhone: It has to be like anxious and like triggered a much and like you know that turns into like a lot of agitation.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what are you going to do with the time on your hands now.
iPhone: I don't know.
iPhone: About trying to find a job at a grocery store.
iPhone: For the time being, I'm
iPhone: Cuz I don't like having all this free time. So you have me crazy.
iPhone: So I can like go out to eat or anything shut down to wherever you are right.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, everything's takeouts
iPhone: Yeah, drive through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Delivery.
iPhone: I stay at home all the time anyway. Like, it's not like I have like go out and do stuff. But just like knowing I can't
iPhone: Yeah, I feel like so crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I did that. Very much so.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what, how do you feel your days.
iPhone: Been sleeping a lot
iPhone: I'm like organizing
iPhone: When there's a lot of organize
iPhone: That's pretty much all I've been doing my friend. I like went to a beach last week and I was like nobody on the beach at all.
iPhone: So that was like, pretty cool.
iPhone: Yeah, and then yesterday, we went to Sacramento like just to get a chicken sandwich and I look like 40 minutes away from Sacramento.
iPhone: So, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Dr. Yeah.
iPhone: Yeah, get out a little bit.
iPhone: And I've been playing a lot of Animal Crossing forgot about that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Animal Crossing.
Yeah.
iPhone: It came out like during this like lockdown stuff so I mean all my friends have just been occupied time playing and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's good. You've got a support system.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So how is things been going with your recovery.
iPhone: I'm it's been harder because I've been stressed out and like you know kind of anxious because there's nothing to do. And that's what I want to use like the most
iPhone: So that's why I've been trying to just like sleep damage hit my hands busy.
iPhone: And I've been taking it like moment out of time.
iPhone: You know, and
iPhone: Trying to stay busy. So I have been like talking to my friends, not even necessarily like about that. But, like, just in general, more because I find like what am I talking to someone, it makes it a little easier to not think about it, you know.
Yeah.
iPhone: And
iPhone: You know,
iPhone: Pretty much just that from it sits between it's been like considerably harder last
iPhone: week or so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're in group, you go, you have that you go to, with us right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How is that going
iPhone: I don't really like the group at all because it's like, you know, you literally just like
iPhone: A like, you know, feel in X y&z yes I need meds and it's like pretty much the whole group, you know,
iPhone: Yeah, so I don't feel like it's like very much of a
iPhone: Like actual support system. You know what I mean.
iPhone: Yeah, I'm not as big of a fan of that at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You guys, do you guys do any cycle education during your group.
iPhone: To group know
iPhone: The first one I went to. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's frozen. Yeah. Okay, now you're moving
iPhone: Okay.
iPhone: I don't know if it's probably me
iPhone: I can move somewhere. My house a little bit more life but
iPhone: I'm going to sex.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So okay, so my room kind of sucks but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have a roof over my head.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's
Very true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For sure. Definitely. You know, and it really in with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All of the stuff that's going on and all this crap on the outside, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's important. It's easy for us to hang on to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Negative thought process and really identifying that negative thought and combating it with something positive.
You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Moses get out of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That state of stress and anxiety over
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everything that's out of our control that is happening, you know,
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: I agree. I've been kind of trying to like not look at the news as much
iPhone: Yeah, cuz I was, I am super into like the news and like current events and everything like all the time, but like right now.
iPhone: It kind of like turned off, I deleted social media for like five days to because it just like
iPhone: Okay, like it wasn't really helpful.
iPhone: Now again, you know,
Yeah.
iPhone: So I've been limiting like using that now that I downloaded it on my phone again.
iPhone: And
iPhone: Only checking the news when it's like applicable to me like I hear something that's
iPhone: You know right to know about.
iPhone: But
iPhone: It says, like all the
Attention.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pay attention to where you're getting your information to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, make sure that you're getting it from reputable sources and not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what we see on the TV. I learned this in school, by the way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, what we what we watch on TV is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Always padded to make it seem
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bigger than what it is if you excuse me if you notice a lot of news focus is all on the negative. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're lucky at the end of a newscast if
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They acknowledge something positive out of, out of it. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which really helps with our negative mindset about everything in the surety and anxiety and all that stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, one of the things that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The CDC website because that's where all go and all look at the CD, the CDC website period that's straight from the horse's mouth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they talked about on there about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know how to deal with anxiety.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And during these times, and one of them is really just aligning yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 30 minutes a day to you know get some written gather research on an update and then
Walk away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
iPhone: Yeah. That totally makes sense. Sorry. Can I get situated.
That's okay.
iPhone: I don't want to just kind of get away from it all. I really want my like routine. I like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
iPhone: Though like starting to like, you know, they out when I can go to bed and everything. And right now it's just like
iPhone: All show again. Yeah.
iPhone: Until like 630 and like
iPhone: Just gotta
iPhone: Sleep again, I'm like, you know, three hours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everything gets thrown off with stuff like this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know everything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the one thing that we don't like is change.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Misery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Until identify change.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the crazy. I think for me the craziest part about that is that life is always changing and evolving. You know what it means all the time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's a one concept that when we get into recovery we start building a routine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're learning how to live life sober something gets thrown in our path and it can just throw us all over the place, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The great part about it though, too, is that we have this uncanny ability to be extremely resilient.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And to really manage within
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We might not realize that we have that ability or think that we're doing it, but you're actually doing it and don't even know you're doing it. It's kind of crazy. The whole process but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because of your past life experiences. You know what I mean it's built up this this ability to don't have to like it, but I'm going to have to walk through it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know type of subconscious way of thinking and so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you've got to remember that to your very resilient.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And this is only a moment in time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that is vitally important that you stay connected to your friends to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To me to, you know, people that support and support you where you're at, you know what I mean.
Have you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Libya, I think you and I talked about this before but refresh my memory.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you been attending any meetings.
iPhone: I do the online groups.
iPhone: Good.
iPhone: Try runs
iPhone: I definitely prefer that. And you know, it's been super accessible over the last two weeks, which you know that's been
iPhone: Cool, there's, you know, you just type in like anything at all. You can be in a group and like two seconds at anytime of the day. And that's been nice.
iPhone: Like, you know, the whole world is kind of at a standstill right now so I there's people from like all over going through stuff. So it's been interesting to see.
iPhone: So I've been staying connected with that at that I haven't really like outside of those two events I talked about going to the beach and getting the chicken sandwich. I have a web my house.
iPhone: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I hear you meet either
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me either. I'm right with you. I've been outside in the world twice, I think, and one was to run into a store.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Quickly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And again, it's about being
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Resilient it's about, you know, working within the scope that you're have been given to work with them and being able to manage anxiety around it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, paying attention to where you're getting your information from allowing yourself permission to watch it for a limited amount of time and then put it aside and go about your day, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because if not, that the news alone can just spiral anxiety and you know out of control, depression, out of control and fear a lot of fear.
iPhone: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And powerlessness.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
iPhone: I was like, you know, having so much and communication in the palm of your hand is like, you know, it's a great thing, but it's also
iPhone: Now an intimidating thing and that's kind of like an overwhelming amount of information about everything.
iPhone: You can just, you know, keep clicking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah, you know, and I also noticed that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A lot of the media news, they always talk about. And if this happens and if that happens and it's this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know happens
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So they sit in the what ifs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the crazy part about it is that, you know, being an early recovery. That's not a good place to be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, that is a fear based place that is a uncomfortable place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And with you know people that are trying to get their life together. And the whole world is listening to what ifs. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Give me the facts. What's tell me what's happening today so that I can, you know, adjust whatever I need to adjust for it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But that's as far as what I want
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't want to know about, you know, what is, you know, because what else may never happen. But if we get a lot of them. This is where they stay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The crazy part about addiction. Is any of that negativity, it will grab ahold of and try to compound it in any way it possibly
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you know and so being being mindful and being aware of your thought process being aware when you're bored.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, paying attention to being hungry angry lonely tired. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those are really important.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I know that you were working, you know, a lot of hours. I know that your schedule was really kind of weird right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so I know that being on lockdown for 12 days sucks, but if you change it to minded. If you change that thought in your head to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what right now is a good time that I can get the rest
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That I need
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: From working crazy hours so revamp refresh. So when work comes back. I'll be ready to roll. You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm really putting putting good things inside your mind, you know, watching funny movies. You know what I mean. Playing fun games with your friends. You know, it means doing things that make you happy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is really important in a time you know like this where you know the whole world feels like it's out of control.
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: I'm wanting to use him to. I'm just like stupid videos.
iPhone: But I like, you know, yeah, pretty much like makeup videos.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice.
iPhone: Yeah, watch a lot of that and like you know Tech Talk is so nice because literally like, you know, 30 seconds.
iPhone: That's good, Phil. And I'm just like, trying to take it a moment at a time, you know,
Yeah.
iPhone: So like I like those types of things were stretching myself a little bit to
iPhone: Let me take my thoughts and like run with them. Yeah, I can definitely do that.
iPhone: I definitely do that all the time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah, we really have to pay attention to, especially you know in high stress times you know where our mind is taking us
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because remember your disease lives in your mind.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and it's easy for for him to sneak, you know, little negative thoughts in there. And when you can identify that that's what's happening. You know what I mean, you gain control of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if you're feeding your mind positive
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: positive energy you're feeding your mind positive thoughts, combating the negative. That's what's going to grow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, whatever you feed grows
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So if you're feeding them the negativity and you're feeding you know those
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those. What if thoughts, then that's you're going to be filled with fear.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're feeling
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That where you're at.
iPhone: Yeah, I've been trying to like do the affirmations, which has been helpful. I have like a of the affirmation apps on my phone right now.
iPhone: In a message every day, you know, throughout the day.
iPhone: So that's been good. So I go like blip and positivity will pop up, you know, several times throughout my day, which is nice.
iPhone: I haven't journal in a lot and instead of like trying to like journal my day. I've been really trying to, like, like, you know, kind of like creative calendars and like doing stuff like like gratitude lists songs. I like and
iPhone: My skincare routine and just like having it all.
iPhone: Looks
iPhone: Good, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All good positive
You know,
iPhone: I've got some stuff that I want to get done to. I just need to
iPhone: Do it.
iPhone: Last thing.
iPhone: I'm hoping that like I actually go back to work, because there's just this lifting. It's supposed to be lifted on the eighth year
iPhone: And I'm hoping actually get to buy your time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Yeah.
iPhone: Very nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very nice.
iPhone: That's part of why I haven't been trying to get a job at a grocery store anything because like
iPhone: I'm only going to be there for like a week, you know, boy.
iPhone: I know
iPhone: That. But I think if it gets extended I'll try and get a job at the grocery store.
iPhone: A friend something
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uber posh mate, or something like that.
iPhone: I don't drive
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, OK.
iPhone: OK, I'm sure that's very lucrative right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I bought it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely you know with people sitting at home.
iPhone: I'm ordering way more of it.
iPhone: Stay home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Haven't we all been
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very
iPhone: Good check coming in.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
iPhone: Love.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you want it is able to go and apply for unemployment, while you're while you're out of work because of this.
iPhone: Know, because I do some HS s hours. My little brother, so technically I'm a poet. But that's, like, kind of like my
iPhone: Rent and stuff, you know, that's you know that money for me. And then you tell it isn't stuff that I have to pay
iPhone: Hours either, but
iPhone: That like disqualifies me
iPhone: But when they can you know I'm not working up any
iPhone: as much right to worry about it as much, you know, on that one. So I'll be able to save a little bit of it. Good.
iPhone: I'm not doing anything either. So it's not like I need money.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, which is good. How, how is your medication doing
iPhone: It's good.
iPhone: I think it's helpful and you know like the right dose right now.
iPhone: I don't get like nauseous, or like
iPhone: The headaches or anything that I was getting for a minute, but I am like crazy constipated, but I read this normal
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's normal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What are you doing to help that.
iPhone: Like store softness.
iPhone: Trying to
iPhone: Drink as much water as possible. Which I'm pretty good water drinker to
iPhone: Okay, no.
iPhone: No.
iPhone: Door open for her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, that's your dog.
iPhone: Yes, the door or she say she is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There she is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Oh, mercy and you have your dog too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Emotional support system.
iPhone: They're really good. I have a newfound one, two, and hey, like, I don't like crying having panic attacks catches me and stuff. He's like the boss.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They know
Yeah.
iPhone: Me wait with them.
iPhone: And they'd like my side, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is really, really cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
iPhone: I love about animals.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They're super sensitive to humans, you know,
iPhone: A lot
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: I love my dog.
iPhone: When they took their beds.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Except when they tear up their bed.
iPhone: Yes, I do. I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did I, did I refer you to see our trauma therapist.
iPhone: ended up falling asleep when I got off work because I had called him to wake up morning
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
iPhone: And I fell asleep when I got home, so I thought I had an appointment with you that day.
iPhone: No, I took my lunch at 11
iPhone: Or like before weapon you know to be there for 11 and then they're like, No, you don't implement not like, Oh, no.
iPhone: I haven't met with reschedule that one.
iPhone: But I actually going to be in group next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When she is with you.
iPhone: The them dr, dr marks specialist is only one
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes.
iPhone: Yes, she'll be there next week to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good, good, good, good. I think that you'll like her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I've known her for many, many years, and she's very good at what she does.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I think that it will definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Help in a lot of ways.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even if you just meet her one time. Get to know where she'll explain the process and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, if you're uncomfortable with it. You tell her I mean she's just that kind of person you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And but it gives you. She gives you all the information and allows you to make the choice for you on whether or not it's what you want to do, you know,
iPhone: By reschedule you for her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me put
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Something out there. I really fast about getting you back on her schedule.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I put it out there.
iPhone: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll get a little things when they respond to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me know. But yeah, certainly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that you could benefit in so many ways, you know, and especially right now right now is a perfect time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know when you've got time on your hands to be able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Explore it and see if it's something that you are interested in doing.
iPhone: Yes, I think now's a good time to experiment. Awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. Um, and so what is your plans for the next week.
iPhone: I'm glad I'm we're crossing
iPhone: One of the driving on Saturday, friend.
iPhone: To be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You on a drive.
iPhone: And going to the driving
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, cool.
iPhone: The drive and still open.
iPhone: There's that'll be fun.
iPhone: I haven't seen that pregnant, like, you know, while we three ways to work together. Yeah, I mean, there's much
iPhone: less awkward.
iPhone: Yeah, well, fun. Other than that, like, I don't really have anything planned except for
iPhone: Where they go
iPhone: To work on the seventh
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, keep in mind that, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Keep doing what you're doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And when you find you find yourself in a spot of boredom, you find yourself in a spot of fear, pick up the phone and get out of your head like you've been doing. I mean, those are really important tools, you know, connecting the same connected with people that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Help you in that manner is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is imperative.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I'm focusing on the positive and when, when the news is getting too much and it feels too crazy. Turn it off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know domain gather the information that you're looking for, and then leave it alone.
You know, just kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't let it take up so much space in your head that there's no room for good, you know,
iPhone: Listen pitch. Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good. Yeah, it's important, especially right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you do you live in a neighborhood where your houses away from everybody else. So you can kind of get outside and walk or
iPhone: There's we live like in like a smaller neighborhood, but I've been like going outside and playing with my dogs backyard.
iPhone: And they always want to play good you get in here and biking. But, you know, she's a puppy, so
iPhone: That's okay. Yeah, she's giant though so
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: To the point where there's other
iPhone: Or they
iPhone: Don't want to play as long as
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They want to want to lay down with him, please.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I will lay with you.
iPhone: Complain about that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, not at all. Everything going okay with your mom and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, with your family.
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: I know my mom's gonna have a hard time. So my mother and sister have been like, you know, law school even
Though
iPhone: My mom's kind of been or extra stress.
iPhone: But I think she's really enjoying having meals, because
iPhone: You know, I'm here to talk to you all the time.
iPhone: Brother.
iPhone: My mom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
iPhone: And everyone else. My sister is like what drives autism and she's really changing
iPhone: Yeah, it's really, really.
iPhone: So that's been
iPhone: Probably the hardest part of it is
iPhone: Trying to keep her calm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If correct me if I'm wrong, but you help your mom out a lot.
iPhone: Yeah, we're very close to my siblings to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have all these good things. You know what I mean, you really do you have a close family good good connection with them close friends supportive friends roof over your head, you know, food to eat.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're engaging in on my meetings, you're you know you're doing all everything right, you got to know that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So when you feel like when you start getting in that negative headspace how you have to remember those things you have to remember the good that you're doing because you are doing exceptional you asked me, you know,
iPhone: Thank you.
So many days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what I see.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It myself something different, you know, I, we'd be having another conversation but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's just what I see you know you every day. You know, you're, you're getting up doing things. You know what I mean you and they're all healthy
iPhone: They're all healthy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What kind of music do you listen to
iPhone: I listen to a lot of like hardcore punk, to be honest.
iPhone: My choice.
iPhone: Music actually bought a ticket. So festival in July that I'll be going to an LA.
iPhone: Hardcore festival
iPhone: Nice.
iPhone: That'll be fun.
iPhone: Looking forward to that we're going down that way, like a little early.
iPhone: Therapy.
iPhone: Your mom.
My mom.
iPhone: My mom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My mom.
iPhone: So like the camera.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's good. And does, does your music make you happy.
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: Good. So there's like no conference for a while, we've ever had, like, a bunch of plans cancelled.
iPhone: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, a lot of gatherings have been canceled on
iPhone: Us a little rather do that, then yeah, that was a little show again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. I agree.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a good way to think about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so tell me what it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you are going to work on this.
Week.
iPhone: I'm gonna work on
iPhone: Me like setting up a deep hop to sell some of my clothes.
iPhone: Let's back it definitely do right now.
iPhone: And then
iPhone: Also on like, you know, keep on journaling. That's what I've been really enjoying
Your
iPhone: Time on side law. It's nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep, you can always use that vitamin D.
iPhone: For sure.
It's been raining and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know it's been raining a lot here to it's crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And don't forget, you know, you drink a lot of water. And so you're pretty mindful about what you put in your body, but make sure that you are allowing yourself the time you need to get the rest you need as well.
iPhone: And
You know, when we don't realize
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good, because when we don't get the rest that we need our immune system goes down my head goes crazy, you know, our responses are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, very agitated responses. And so you just want to make sure that your self care, you know, is really a top top you know level right now, you know,
iPhone: Pressure
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And let's see, I threw you out there to get you scheduled. Let me see if I can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do this way. Hold on.
I just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Asked Serena.
Here.
iPhone: Sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your
Dog.
iPhone: My coffee.
iPhone: Yeah, that'd be cool to get to
iPhone: Talk to her at least
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay so echo is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I didn't hear her respond to me.
iPhone: Either
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you hear things on my end.
iPhone: So he told me, that'd be a being so you know let's look for it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, there wasn't wasn't any being, but she definitely responded so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm asking her to give me the date and time now that I have. You with me to see if she can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we can get it handled.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I see you in the waiting room, but you're not here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Videos off. I think you might be out of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Range or something. But now she's gone. I'm going to stop the video until she comes back.